Daikon version 5.8.20, released May 14, 2024; http://plse.cs.washington.edu/daikon.
Reading declaration files Processing trace data; reading 1 dtrace file:

===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants:::CLASS
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE == malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_TITLE
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE == malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_SIZE
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD == malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_TITLE
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE == malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMEDITBUTTON
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE == malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_EDIT
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES == malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_DELETE
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES == malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EXPORT
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_VERSION has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_VERSION != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_VERSION.toString == "0.12"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION.toString == " cannot be correctly parsed \ninto a valid value for this data type."
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_NOVALUE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_NOVALUE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_NOVALUE.toString == "That value has not been initialized"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_WEIRDVALUE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_WEIRDVALUE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_WEIRDVALUE.toString == "Error formatting value"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_FILE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_FILE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_FILE.toString == "File does not exist"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_CHUNK has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_CHUNK != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_CHUNK.toString == "Chunk does not exist"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_PRIM has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_PRIM != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_PRIM.toString == "Primitive does not exist"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_DIRECTORY has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_DIRECTORY != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_DIRECTORY.toString == "The specified file object is a directory, not a file"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_CANT_BE_READ has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_CANT_BE_READ != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_CANT_BE_READ.toString == "The specified file cannot be read"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_INCORRECT_TYPE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_INCORRECT_TYPE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_INCORRECT_TYPE.toString == "The specified file is of an incorrect type"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_DOESNT_SUPPORT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_DOESNT_SUPPORT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_DOESNT_SUPPORT.toString == "This file type does not support this operation"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_IS_FILE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_IS_FILE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_IS_FILE.toString == "The chunk represents the entire file, and can't be deleted"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_GENERAL_FILE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_GENERAL_FILE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_GENERAL_FILE.toString == "General file read/write error"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_ISNT_EDITABLE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_ISNT_EDITABLE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_ISNT_EDITABLE.toString == "This chunk is not editable"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_ISNT_EDITABLE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_ISNT_EDITABLE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_ISNT_EDITABLE.toString == "This file type is not editable"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FIXED_BYTE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FIXED_BYTE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FIXED_BYTE.toString == "This value is not of a fixed byte length and cannot be parsed"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE.toString == "Error"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_IN_OUT_IDENTICAL has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_IN_OUT_IDENTICAL != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_IN_OUT_IDENTICAL.toString == "Input and output files cannot be identical"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_RIFF_RIFX has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_RIFF_RIFX != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_RIFF_RIFX.toString == "At the outermost level, the chunk name must be RIFF or RIFX"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FORM has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FORM != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FORM.toString == "At the outermost level, the chunk name must be FORM"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TEXT_ENCODING has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TEXT_ENCODING != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TEXT_ENCODING.toString == "Invalid text encoding string"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX.toString == "CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY.toString == "CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDX has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDX != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDX.toString == "CHRM_CHUNK_REDX"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDY has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDY != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDY.toString == "CHRM_CHUNK_REDY"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX.toString == "CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY.toString == "CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX.toString == "CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY.toString == "CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS.toString == "COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES.toString == "COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE.toString == "COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE.toString == "COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS.toString == "FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPS has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPS != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPS.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_AVERAGE_BYTES_PER_SECOND"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FORM_CHUNK_NAME has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FORM_CHUNK_NAME != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FORM_CHUNK_NAME.toString == "FORM_CHUNK_NAME"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA.toString == "GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH.toString == "IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE.toString == "IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS.toString == "IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER.toString == "IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT.toString == "IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE.toString == "IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH.toString == "IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE.toString == "NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_X has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_X != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_X.toString == "IHDR_CHUNK_PIX_X"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_Y has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_Y != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_Y.toString == "IHDR_CHUNK_PIX_Y"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_UNIT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_UNIT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_UNIT.toString == "IHDR_CHUNK_UNIT"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE.toString == "PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RAW_VALUE_NAME has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RAW_VALUE_NAME != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RAW_VALUE_NAME.toString == "RAW_VALUE"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RIFF_CHUNK_NAME has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RIFF_CHUNK_NAME != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RIFF_CHUNK_NAME.toString == "RIFF_CHUNK_NAME"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT.toString == "SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD.toString == "TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE.toString == "TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD.toString == "ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RIFFCHUNKCODES has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RIFFCHUNKCODES != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RENDERINGINTENT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RENDERINGINTENT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_ZTXTCOMPMETHOD has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_ZTXTCOMPMETHOD != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_WAVECOMPCODES has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_WAVECOMPCODES != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_AXML has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_AXML != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_AXML.toString == "AXML"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_CHRM has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_CHRM != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_CHRM.toString == "cHRM"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_COMM has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_COMM != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_COMM.toString == "COMM"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_DATA has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_DATA != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_DATA.toString == "data"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FACT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FACT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FACT.toString == "fact"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FMT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FMT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FMT.toString == "fmt "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FORM has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FORM != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FORM.toString == "FORM"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_GAMA has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_GAMA != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_GAMA.toString == "gAMA"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IARL has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IARL != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IARL.toString == "IARL"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IART has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IART != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IART.toString == "IART"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMS has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMS != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMS.toString == "ICMS"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMT.toString == "ICMT"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICOP has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICOP != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICOP.toString == "ICOP"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRD has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRD != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRD.toString == "ICRD"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRP has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRP != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRP.toString == "ICRP"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDAT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDAT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDAT.toString == "IDAT"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDIM has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDIM != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDIM.toString == "IDIM"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDPI has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDPI != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDPI.toString == "IDPI"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IEND has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IEND != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IEND.toString == "IEND"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IENG has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IENG != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IENG.toString == "IENG"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IGNR has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IGNR != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IGNR.toString == "IGNR"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IHDR has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IHDR != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IHDR.toString == "IHDR"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IKEY has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IKEY != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IKEY.toString == "IKEY"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ILGT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ILGT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ILGT.toString == "ILGT"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IMED has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IMED != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IMED.toString == "IMED"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INAM has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INAM != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INAM.toString == "INAM"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INVALIDDATA has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INVALIDDATA != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INVALIDDATA.toString == "INVALID"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPLT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPLT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPLT.toString == "IPLT"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPRD has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPRD != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPRD.toString == "IPRD"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISBJ has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISBJ != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISBJ.toString == "ISBJ"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISFT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISFT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISFT.toString == "ISFT"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISHP has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISHP != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISHP.toString == "ISHP"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRC has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRC != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRC.toString == "ISRC"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRF has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRF != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRF.toString == "ISRF"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ITCH has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ITCH != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ITCH.toString == "ITCH"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IXML has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IXML != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IXML.toString == "IXML"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_LIST has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_LIST != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_LIST.toString == "LIST"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBF has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBF != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBF.toString == "mkBF"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBS has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBS != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBS.toString == "mkBS"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBT.toString == "mkBT"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKTS has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKTS != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKTS.toString == "mkTS"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PHYS has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PHYS != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PHYS.toString == "PHYS"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PLAINTEXT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PLAINTEXT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PLAINTEXT.toString == "PLAINTEXT"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PNGFILE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PNGFILE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PNGFILE.toString == "PNG_FILE"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PRVW has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PRVW != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PRVW.toString == "prVW"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RAWDATA has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RAWDATA != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RAWDATA.toString == "RAW_DATA"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFF has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFF != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFF.toString == "RIFF"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFX has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFX != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFX.toString == "RIFX"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SBIT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SBIT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SBIT.toString == "SBIT"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SRGB has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SRGB != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SRGB.toString == "sRGB"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_TEXT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_TEXT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_TEXT.toString == "tEXt"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ZTXT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ZTXT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ZTXT.toString == "zTXt"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TEXTFIELD_FONT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TEXTFIELD_FONT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BORDERTITLE_FONT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BORDERTITLE_FONT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TITLE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TITLE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TITLE.toString == "Klang Editor"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ABOUT_TEXT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ABOUT_TEXT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ABOUT_TEXT.toString == "Klang Editor version 0.12\nJim Halliday, 2009"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_QUIT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_QUIT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_QUIT.toString == "Quit"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CLOSE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CLOSE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CLOSE.toString == "Close"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPEN has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPEN != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPEN.toString == "Open..."
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_WEB has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_WEB != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_WEB.toString == "Visit Website..."
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DONATE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DONATE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DONATE.toString == "Donate..."
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CREDITS has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CREDITS != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CREDITS.toString == "About Klang Editor..."
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_FILE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_FILE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_FILE.toString == "File"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_ABOUT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_ABOUT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_ABOUT.toString == "About"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_READONLY has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_READONLY != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_READONLY.toString == "Read-Only Mode"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DEC has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DEC != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DEC.toString == "Decimal Display"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_HEX has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_HEX != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_HEX.toString == "Hex Display"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPTIONS has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPTIONS != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPTIONS.toString == "Options"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_AUTOTEXT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_AUTOTEXT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_AUTOTEXT.toString == "Determine Text/Encoding Automatically"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_MANUALTEXT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_MANUALTEXT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_MANUALTEXT.toString == "Always Ask for Unknown Text Encoding"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_PROJECT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_PROJECT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_PROJECT.toString == "http://malictus.net/klang/"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_DONATE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_DONATE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_DONATE.toString == "http://www.malictus.net/klang/?n=Main.Donate"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING_TITLE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING_TITLE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING_TITLE.toString == "Error opening file"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING.toString == "Error opening file:\n"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_NAME has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_NAME != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_NAME.toString == "File Name: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_LOCATION has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_LOCATION != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_LOCATION.toString == "Location: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE.toString == "Size: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_FILETYPE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_FILETYPE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_FILETYPE.toString == "File Type: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_PANELNAME has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_PANELNAME != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_PANELNAME.toString == "FILE INFORMATION"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_PANELNAME has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_PANELNAME != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_PANELNAME.toString == "CHUNK INFORMATION"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_NAME has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_NAME != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_NAME.toString == "Chunk Name: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DESC has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DESC != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DESC.toString == "Description: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_TYPE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_TYPE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_TYPE.toString == "Type: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_START has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_START != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_START.toString == "Start: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_END has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_END != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_END.toString == "End: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_SIZE.toString == "Size: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASTART has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASTART != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASTART.toString == "Data Start: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATAEND has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATAEND != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATAEND.toString == "Data End: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASIZE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASIZE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASIZE.toString == "Data Size: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABEL has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABEL != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABEL.toString == "Checksum: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABELDATA has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABELDATA != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABELDATA.toString == "Data Only Checksum: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMBUTTON has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMBUTTON != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMBUTTON.toString == "Generate checksum"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMDATALABEL has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMDATALABEL != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMDATALABEL.toString == "Data Checksum: "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD.toString == "Add New Chunk"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EDITNAME has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EDITNAME != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EDITNAME.toString == "Edit Name"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT.toString == "Enter a new chunk name:"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT_TITLE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT_TITLE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT_TITLE.toString == "Enter new chunk name"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN.toString == "WARNING: Editing the name of a container chunk \nmay cause any child chunks to become unavailable."
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN_TITLE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN_TITLE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN_TITLE.toString == "Edit container chunk warning"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKPRIM_PANELNAME has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKPRIM_PANELNAME != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKPRIM_PANELNAME.toString == "CHUNK DATA"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE.toString == "Edit"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMNAME has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMNAME != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMNAME.toString == "Data Name"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMTYPE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMTYPE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMTYPE.toString == "Data Type"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMVAL has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMVAL != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMVAL.toString == "Value"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TEXTENC has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TEXTENC != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TEXTENC.toString == "Save As Text Encoding:"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PANELNAME has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PANELNAME != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PANELNAME.toString == "RAW FILE ACCESS"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_CURBYTELABEL has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_CURBYTELABEL != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_CURBYTELABEL.toString == "Current Byte"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLASCII has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLASCII != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLASCII.toString == "ASCII"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLHEX has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLHEX != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLHEX.toString == "Raw Hex"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_JUMPBUTTON has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_JUMPBUTTON != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_JUMPBUTTON.toString == "Jump"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK1 has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK1 != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK1.toString == "<-- 1"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK16 has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK16 != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK16.toString == "<-- 16"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR1 has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR1 != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR1.toString == "1 -->"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR16 has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR16 != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR16.toString == "16 -->"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_INSERTBYTES has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_INSERTBYTES != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_INSERTBYTES.toString == "Insert"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES.toString == "Delete"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES.toString == "Export"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMVIEW1 has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMVIEW1 != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMVIEW1.toString == "Current Position As:"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMEDITBUTTON.toString == "Edit"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_EDIT.toString == "Edit"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_JUMPTO has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_JUMPTO != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_JUMPTO.toString == "Go"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TREEVIEW_PANELNAME has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TREEVIEW_PANELNAME != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TREEVIEW_PANELNAME.toString == "CHUNK HIERARCHY"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DELETEBYTESDIALOG_TITLE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DELETEBYTESDIALOG_TITLE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DELETEBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString == "Delete Raw Bytes"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_FROM has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_FROM != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_FROM.toString == "Start Byte Position"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_TO has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_TO != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_TO.toString == "End Byte Position"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL.toString == "Export To File:"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BROWSEPANEL_FILEBTN has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BROWSEPANEL_FILEBTN != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BROWSEPANEL_FILEBTN.toString == "Browse"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString == "Insert Bytes"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL.toString == "Insert From File:"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADBLANK has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADBLANK != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADBLANK.toString == "Insert "
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILEEND has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILEEND != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILEEND.toString == "Empty Bytes"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADFILE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADFILE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADFILE.toString == "Insert a file (in its entirety)"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR.toString == "Cannot format string input as numbers"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR2 has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR2 != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR2.toString == "End byte must be greater than start byte"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR3 has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR3 != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR3.toString == "Error in exporting data"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_COFIRMDEL has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_COFIRMDEL != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_COFIRMDEL.toString == "File already exists. Overwrite?"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString == "Export Raw Bytes"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TITLE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TITLE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TITLE.toString == "Choose a text encoding"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT.toString == "Document may contain plain text. Please enter a likely text encoding."
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT1 has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT1 != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT1.toString == "The chunk \""
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT2 has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT2 != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT2.toString == "\" may contain plain text. Please enter a likely text encoding"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_NONE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_NONE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_NONE.toString == "Not text"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EXPORT.toString == "Export"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_DELETE.toString == "Delete"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS.toString == "File exists; overwrite?"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS_TITLE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS_TITLE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS_TITLE.toString == "Overwrite?"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_TITLE.toString == "Error"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE.toString == "Really delete the chunk?\n This change is permanent."
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE_TITLE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE_TITLE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE_TITLE.toString == "Really delete?"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_TITLE.toString == "Add New Chunk"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNKTEXT1 has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNKTEXT1 != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNKTEXT1.toString == "Add new chunk"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CHUNKNAMELBL has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CHUNKNAMELBL != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CHUNKNAMELBL.toString == "New Chunk Name:"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_BEFORE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_BEFORE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_BEFORE.toString == "before"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_AFTER has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_AFTER != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_AFTER.toString == "after"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_UNDER has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_UNDER != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_UNDER.toString == "under (as first child)"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNK has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNK != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNK.toString == "Current Chunk Name"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADBLANK has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADBLANK != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADBLANK.toString == "Insert empty chunk"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADFILE has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADFILE != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADFILE.toString == "Insert chunk data from file"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_FILELBL has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_FILELBL != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_FILELBL.toString == "Add Data From File"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS.toString == "wav,wave,bwf,bwav,bwave,avi,avix,png,aiff,iff,aifc,afc,aif,html,htm,xml,xhtml,xht,txt,properties,jsp,php,css,pl,c,java,js,dtd,sgml,xsl,xslt,xsd,wsdl,cgi,perl,sql"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DESC has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DESC != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DESC.toString == "All supported file types"
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS has only one value
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS[] contains no nulls and has only one value, of length 11
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS[] elements != null
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS[].getClass().getName() == [java.lang.String, java.lang.String, java.lang.String, java.lang.String, java.lang.String, java.lang.String, java.lang.String, java.lang.String, java.lang.String, java.lang.String, java.lang.String]
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS[].getClass().getName() elements == java.lang.String.class
size(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS[]) == 11
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getCurrentValueStringFor(java.lang.String, malictus.klang.primitives.Primitive):::ENTER
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE == arg0
arg0.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE"
arg1 has only one value
arg1.getClass().getName() == malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.class
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getCurrentValueStringFor(java.lang.String, malictus.klang.primitives.Primitive):::EXIT349
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getCurrentValueStringFor(java.lang.String, malictus.klang.primitives.Primitive):::EXIT
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_VERSION == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_VERSION)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_VERSION.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_VERSION.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_NOVALUE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_NOVALUE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_NOVALUE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_NOVALUE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_WEIRDVALUE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_WEIRDVALUE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_WEIRDVALUE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_WEIRDVALUE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_FILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_FILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_FILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_FILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_CHUNK == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_CHUNK)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_CHUNK.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_CHUNK.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_PRIM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_PRIM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_PRIM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_PRIM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_DIRECTORY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_DIRECTORY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_DIRECTORY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_DIRECTORY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_CANT_BE_READ == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_CANT_BE_READ)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_CANT_BE_READ.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_CANT_BE_READ.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_INCORRECT_TYPE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_INCORRECT_TYPE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_INCORRECT_TYPE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_INCORRECT_TYPE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_DOESNT_SUPPORT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_DOESNT_SUPPORT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_DOESNT_SUPPORT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_DOESNT_SUPPORT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_IS_FILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_IS_FILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_IS_FILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_IS_FILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_GENERAL_FILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_GENERAL_FILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_GENERAL_FILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_GENERAL_FILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_ISNT_EDITABLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_ISNT_EDITABLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_ISNT_EDITABLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_ISNT_EDITABLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_ISNT_EDITABLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_ISNT_EDITABLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_ISNT_EDITABLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_ISNT_EDITABLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FIXED_BYTE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FIXED_BYTE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FIXED_BYTE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FIXED_BYTE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_IN_OUT_IDENTICAL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_IN_OUT_IDENTICAL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_IN_OUT_IDENTICAL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_IN_OUT_IDENTICAL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_RIFF_RIFX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_RIFF_RIFX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_RIFF_RIFX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_RIFF_RIFX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FORM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FORM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FORM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FORM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TEXT_ENCODING == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TEXT_ENCODING)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TEXT_ENCODING.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TEXT_ENCODING.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE == orig(arg0)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FORM_CHUNK_NAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FORM_CHUNK_NAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FORM_CHUNK_NAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FORM_CHUNK_NAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_X == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_X)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_X.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_X.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_Y == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_Y)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_Y.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_Y.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_UNIT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_UNIT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_UNIT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_UNIT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RAW_VALUE_NAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RAW_VALUE_NAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RAW_VALUE_NAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RAW_VALUE_NAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RIFF_CHUNK_NAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RIFF_CHUNK_NAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RIFF_CHUNK_NAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RIFF_CHUNK_NAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RIFFCHUNKCODES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RIFFCHUNKCODES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RENDERINGINTENT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RENDERINGINTENT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_ZTXTCOMPMETHOD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_ZTXTCOMPMETHOD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_WAVECOMPCODES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_WAVECOMPCODES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_AXML == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_AXML)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_AXML.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_AXML.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_CHRM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_CHRM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_CHRM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_CHRM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_COMM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_COMM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_COMM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_COMM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_DATA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_DATA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_DATA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_DATA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FACT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FACT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FACT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FACT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FMT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FMT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FMT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FMT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FORM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FORM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FORM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FORM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_GAMA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_GAMA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_GAMA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_GAMA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IARL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IARL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IARL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IARL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IART == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IART)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IART.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IART.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICOP == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICOP)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICOP.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICOP.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRD.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRD.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRP == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRP)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRP.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRP.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDAT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDAT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDAT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDAT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDIM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDIM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDIM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDIM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDPI == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDPI)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDPI.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDPI.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IEND == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IEND)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IEND.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IEND.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IENG == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IENG)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IENG.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IENG.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IGNR == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IGNR)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IGNR.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IGNR.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IHDR == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IHDR)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IHDR.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IHDR.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IKEY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IKEY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IKEY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IKEY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ILGT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ILGT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ILGT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ILGT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IMED == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IMED)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IMED.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IMED.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INAM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INAM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INAM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INAM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INVALIDDATA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INVALIDDATA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INVALIDDATA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INVALIDDATA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPLT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPLT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPLT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPLT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPRD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPRD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPRD.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPRD.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISBJ == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISBJ)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISBJ.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISBJ.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISFT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISFT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISFT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISFT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISHP == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISHP)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISHP.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISHP.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRC == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRC)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRC.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRC.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRF == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRF)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRF.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRF.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ITCH == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ITCH)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ITCH.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ITCH.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IXML == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IXML)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IXML.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IXML.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_LIST == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_LIST)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_LIST.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_LIST.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBF == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBF)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBF.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBF.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKTS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKTS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKTS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKTS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PHYS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PHYS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PHYS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PHYS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PLAINTEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PLAINTEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PLAINTEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PLAINTEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PNGFILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PNGFILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PNGFILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PNGFILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PRVW == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PRVW)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PRVW.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PRVW.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RAWDATA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RAWDATA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RAWDATA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RAWDATA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFF == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFF)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFF.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFF.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SBIT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SBIT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SBIT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SBIT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SRGB == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SRGB)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SRGB.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SRGB.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_TEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_TEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_TEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_TEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ZTXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ZTXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ZTXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ZTXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TEXTFIELD_FONT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TEXTFIELD_FONT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BORDERTITLE_FONT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BORDERTITLE_FONT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ABOUT_TEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ABOUT_TEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ABOUT_TEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ABOUT_TEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_QUIT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_QUIT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_QUIT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_QUIT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CLOSE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CLOSE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CLOSE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CLOSE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPEN == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPEN)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPEN.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPEN.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_WEB == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_WEB)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_WEB.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_WEB.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DONATE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DONATE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DONATE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DONATE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CREDITS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CREDITS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CREDITS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CREDITS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_FILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_FILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_FILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_FILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_ABOUT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_ABOUT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_ABOUT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_ABOUT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_READONLY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_READONLY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_READONLY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_READONLY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DEC == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DEC)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DEC.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DEC.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_HEX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_HEX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_HEX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_HEX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPTIONS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPTIONS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPTIONS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPTIONS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_AUTOTEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_AUTOTEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_AUTOTEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_AUTOTEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_MANUALTEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_MANUALTEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_MANUALTEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_MANUALTEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_PROJECT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_PROJECT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_PROJECT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_PROJECT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_DONATE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_DONATE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_DONATE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_DONATE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_NAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_NAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_NAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_NAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_LOCATION == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_LOCATION)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_LOCATION.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_LOCATION.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_SIZE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_FILETYPE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_FILETYPE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_FILETYPE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_FILETYPE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_PANELNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_PANELNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_PANELNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_PANELNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_PANELNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_PANELNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_PANELNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_PANELNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_NAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_NAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_NAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_NAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DESC == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DESC)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DESC.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DESC.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_TYPE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_TYPE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_TYPE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_TYPE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_START == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_START)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_START.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_START.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_END == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_END)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_END.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_END.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_SIZE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_SIZE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASTART == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASTART)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASTART.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASTART.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATAEND == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATAEND)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATAEND.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATAEND.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASIZE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASIZE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASIZE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASIZE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABEL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABEL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABEL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABEL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABELDATA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABELDATA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABELDATA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABELDATA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMBUTTON == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMBUTTON)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMBUTTON.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMBUTTON.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMDATALABEL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMDATALABEL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMDATALABEL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMDATALABEL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EDITNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EDITNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EDITNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EDITNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKPRIM_PANELNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKPRIM_PANELNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKPRIM_PANELNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKPRIM_PANELNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMEDITBUTTON)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_EDIT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMTYPE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMTYPE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMTYPE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMTYPE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMVAL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMVAL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMVAL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMVAL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TEXTENC == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TEXTENC)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TEXTENC.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TEXTENC.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PANELNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PANELNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PANELNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PANELNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_CURBYTELABEL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_CURBYTELABEL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_CURBYTELABEL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_CURBYTELABEL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLASCII == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLASCII)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLASCII.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLASCII.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLHEX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLHEX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLHEX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLHEX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_JUMPBUTTON == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_JUMPBUTTON)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_JUMPBUTTON.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_JUMPBUTTON.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK1 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK1)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK1.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK1.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK16 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK16)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK16.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK16.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR1 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR1)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR1.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR1.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR16 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR16)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR16.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR16.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_INSERTBYTES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_INSERTBYTES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_INSERTBYTES.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_INSERTBYTES.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_DELETE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EXPORT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMVIEW1 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMVIEW1)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMVIEW1.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMVIEW1.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMEDITBUTTON.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMEDITBUTTON.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_EDIT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_EDIT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_JUMPTO == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_JUMPTO)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_JUMPTO.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_JUMPTO.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TREEVIEW_PANELNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TREEVIEW_PANELNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TREEVIEW_PANELNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TREEVIEW_PANELNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DELETEBYTESDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DELETEBYTESDIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DELETEBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DELETEBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_FROM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_FROM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_FROM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_FROM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_TO == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_TO)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_TO.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_TO.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BROWSEPANEL_FILEBTN == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BROWSEPANEL_FILEBTN)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BROWSEPANEL_FILEBTN.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BROWSEPANEL_FILEBTN.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADBLANK == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADBLANK)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADBLANK.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADBLANK.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILEEND == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILEEND)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILEEND.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILEEND.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADFILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADFILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADFILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADFILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR2 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR2)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR2.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR2.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR3 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR3)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR3.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR3.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_COFIRMDEL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_COFIRMDEL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_COFIRMDEL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_COFIRMDEL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT1 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT1)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT1.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT1.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT2 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT2)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT2.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT2.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_NONE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_NONE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_NONE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_NONE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EXPORT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EXPORT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_DELETE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_DELETE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNKTEXT1 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNKTEXT1)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNKTEXT1.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNKTEXT1.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CHUNKNAMELBL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CHUNKNAMELBL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CHUNKNAMELBL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CHUNKNAMELBL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_BEFORE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_BEFORE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_BEFORE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_BEFORE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_AFTER == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_AFTER)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_AFTER.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_AFTER.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_UNDER == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_UNDER)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_UNDER.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_UNDER.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNK == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNK)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNK.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNK.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADBLANK == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADBLANK)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADBLANK.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADBLANK.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADFILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADFILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADFILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADFILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_FILELBL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_FILELBL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_FILELBL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_FILELBL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DESC == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DESC)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DESC.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DESC.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS[] == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS[])
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
arg0.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE"
return has only one value
return.toString == "Microsoft PCM/Uncompressed"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::ENTER
arg0 != null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT100
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE"
return has only one value
return.toString == "4-byte, unsigned, little-endian integer"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT103
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned"
return has only one value
return.toString == "1-byte signed integer"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT106
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned"
return has only one value
return.toString == "1-byte unsigned integer"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT109
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.NullTerminatedString"
return has only one value
return.toString == "Null-terminated string"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT112
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.PlainString"
return has only one value
return.toString == "Plain string"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT64
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar"
return has only one value
return.toString == "1-byte ASCII char"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT67
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.CompressedString"
return has only one value
return.toString == "ZLIB compressed string"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT70
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC"
return has only one value
return.toString == "Four-byte ASCII chunk name"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT73
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.GUID"
return has only one value
return.toString == "Microsoft Globally Unique Identifier"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT76
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat"
return has only one value
return.toString == "IEEE 80 Byte Float (Limited)"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT79
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE"
return has only one value
return.toString == "2-byte, signed, big-endian integer"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT82
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE"
return has only one value
return.toString == "2-byte, signed, little-endian integer"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT85
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE"
return has only one value
return.toString == "2-byte, unsigned, big-endian integer"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT88
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE"
return has only one value
return.toString == "2-byte, unsigned, little-endian integer"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT91
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE"
return has only one value
return.toString == "4-byte, signed, big-endian integer"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT94
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE"
return has only one value
return.toString == "4-byte, signed, little-endian integer"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT97
arg0.toString == "malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE"
return has only one value
return.toString == "4-byte, unsigned, big-endian integer"
orig(arg0) has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getPrimitiveDescriptionFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_VERSION == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_VERSION)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_VERSION.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_VERSION.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_NOVALUE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_NOVALUE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_NOVALUE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_NOVALUE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_WEIRDVALUE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_WEIRDVALUE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_WEIRDVALUE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_WEIRDVALUE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_FILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_FILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_FILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_FILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_CHUNK == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_CHUNK)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_CHUNK.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_CHUNK.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_PRIM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_PRIM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_PRIM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_PRIM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_DIRECTORY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_DIRECTORY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_DIRECTORY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_DIRECTORY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_CANT_BE_READ == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_CANT_BE_READ)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_CANT_BE_READ.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_CANT_BE_READ.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_INCORRECT_TYPE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_INCORRECT_TYPE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_INCORRECT_TYPE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_INCORRECT_TYPE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_DOESNT_SUPPORT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_DOESNT_SUPPORT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_DOESNT_SUPPORT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_DOESNT_SUPPORT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_IS_FILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_IS_FILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_IS_FILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_IS_FILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_GENERAL_FILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_GENERAL_FILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_GENERAL_FILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_GENERAL_FILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_ISNT_EDITABLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_ISNT_EDITABLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_ISNT_EDITABLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_ISNT_EDITABLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_ISNT_EDITABLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_ISNT_EDITABLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_ISNT_EDITABLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_ISNT_EDITABLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FIXED_BYTE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FIXED_BYTE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FIXED_BYTE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FIXED_BYTE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_IN_OUT_IDENTICAL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_IN_OUT_IDENTICAL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_IN_OUT_IDENTICAL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_IN_OUT_IDENTICAL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_RIFF_RIFX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_RIFF_RIFX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_RIFF_RIFX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_RIFF_RIFX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FORM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FORM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FORM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FORM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TEXT_ENCODING == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TEXT_ENCODING)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TEXT_ENCODING.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TEXT_ENCODING.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FORM_CHUNK_NAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FORM_CHUNK_NAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FORM_CHUNK_NAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FORM_CHUNK_NAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_X == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_X)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_X.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_X.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_Y == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_Y)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_Y.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_Y.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_UNIT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_UNIT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_UNIT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_UNIT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RAW_VALUE_NAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RAW_VALUE_NAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RAW_VALUE_NAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RAW_VALUE_NAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RIFF_CHUNK_NAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RIFF_CHUNK_NAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RIFF_CHUNK_NAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RIFF_CHUNK_NAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RIFFCHUNKCODES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RIFFCHUNKCODES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RENDERINGINTENT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RENDERINGINTENT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_ZTXTCOMPMETHOD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_ZTXTCOMPMETHOD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_WAVECOMPCODES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_WAVECOMPCODES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_AXML == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_AXML)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_AXML.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_AXML.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_CHRM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_CHRM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_CHRM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_CHRM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_COMM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_COMM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_COMM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_COMM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_DATA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_DATA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_DATA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_DATA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FACT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FACT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FACT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FACT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FMT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FMT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FMT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FMT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FORM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FORM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FORM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FORM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_GAMA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_GAMA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_GAMA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_GAMA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IARL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IARL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IARL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IARL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IART == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IART)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IART.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IART.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICOP == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICOP)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICOP.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICOP.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRD.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRD.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRP == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRP)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRP.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRP.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDAT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDAT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDAT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDAT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDIM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDIM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDIM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDIM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDPI == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDPI)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDPI.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDPI.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IEND == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IEND)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IEND.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IEND.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IENG == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IENG)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IENG.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IENG.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IGNR == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IGNR)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IGNR.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IGNR.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IHDR == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IHDR)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IHDR.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IHDR.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IKEY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IKEY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IKEY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IKEY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ILGT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ILGT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ILGT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ILGT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IMED == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IMED)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IMED.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IMED.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INAM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INAM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INAM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INAM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INVALIDDATA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INVALIDDATA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INVALIDDATA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INVALIDDATA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPLT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPLT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPLT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPLT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPRD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPRD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPRD.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPRD.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISBJ == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISBJ)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISBJ.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISBJ.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISFT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISFT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISFT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISFT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISHP == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISHP)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISHP.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISHP.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRC == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRC)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRC.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRC.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRF == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRF)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRF.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRF.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ITCH == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ITCH)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ITCH.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ITCH.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IXML == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IXML)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IXML.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IXML.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_LIST == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_LIST)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_LIST.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_LIST.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBF == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBF)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBF.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBF.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKTS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKTS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKTS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKTS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PHYS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PHYS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PHYS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PHYS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PLAINTEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PLAINTEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PLAINTEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PLAINTEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PNGFILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PNGFILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PNGFILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PNGFILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PRVW == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PRVW)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PRVW.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PRVW.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RAWDATA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RAWDATA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RAWDATA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RAWDATA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFF == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFF)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFF.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFF.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SBIT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SBIT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SBIT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SBIT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SRGB == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SRGB)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SRGB.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SRGB.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_TEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_TEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_TEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_TEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ZTXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ZTXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ZTXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ZTXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TEXTFIELD_FONT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TEXTFIELD_FONT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BORDERTITLE_FONT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BORDERTITLE_FONT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ABOUT_TEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ABOUT_TEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ABOUT_TEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ABOUT_TEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_QUIT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_QUIT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_QUIT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_QUIT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CLOSE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CLOSE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CLOSE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CLOSE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPEN == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPEN)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPEN.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPEN.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_WEB == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_WEB)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_WEB.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_WEB.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DONATE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DONATE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DONATE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DONATE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CREDITS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CREDITS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CREDITS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CREDITS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_FILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_FILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_FILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_FILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_ABOUT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_ABOUT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_ABOUT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_ABOUT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_READONLY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_READONLY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_READONLY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_READONLY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DEC == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DEC)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DEC.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DEC.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_HEX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_HEX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_HEX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_HEX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPTIONS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPTIONS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPTIONS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPTIONS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_AUTOTEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_AUTOTEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_AUTOTEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_AUTOTEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_MANUALTEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_MANUALTEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_MANUALTEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_MANUALTEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_PROJECT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_PROJECT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_PROJECT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_PROJECT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_DONATE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_DONATE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_DONATE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_DONATE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_NAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_NAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_NAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_NAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_LOCATION == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_LOCATION)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_LOCATION.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_LOCATION.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_SIZE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_FILETYPE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_FILETYPE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_FILETYPE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_FILETYPE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_PANELNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_PANELNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_PANELNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_PANELNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_PANELNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_PANELNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_PANELNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_PANELNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_NAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_NAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_NAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_NAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DESC == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DESC)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DESC.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DESC.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_TYPE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_TYPE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_TYPE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_TYPE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_START == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_START)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_START.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_START.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_END == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_END)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_END.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_END.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_SIZE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_SIZE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASTART == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASTART)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASTART.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASTART.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATAEND == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATAEND)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATAEND.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATAEND.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASIZE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASIZE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASIZE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASIZE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABEL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABEL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABEL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABEL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABELDATA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABELDATA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABELDATA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABELDATA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMBUTTON == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMBUTTON)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMBUTTON.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMBUTTON.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMDATALABEL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMDATALABEL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMDATALABEL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMDATALABEL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EDITNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EDITNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EDITNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EDITNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKPRIM_PANELNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKPRIM_PANELNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKPRIM_PANELNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKPRIM_PANELNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMEDITBUTTON)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_EDIT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMTYPE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMTYPE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMTYPE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMTYPE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMVAL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMVAL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMVAL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMVAL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TEXTENC == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TEXTENC)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TEXTENC.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TEXTENC.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PANELNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PANELNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PANELNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PANELNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_CURBYTELABEL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_CURBYTELABEL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_CURBYTELABEL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_CURBYTELABEL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLASCII == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLASCII)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLASCII.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLASCII.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLHEX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLHEX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLHEX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLHEX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_JUMPBUTTON == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_JUMPBUTTON)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_JUMPBUTTON.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_JUMPBUTTON.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK1 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK1)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK1.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK1.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK16 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK16)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK16.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK16.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR1 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR1)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR1.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR1.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR16 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR16)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR16.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR16.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_INSERTBYTES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_INSERTBYTES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_INSERTBYTES.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_INSERTBYTES.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_DELETE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EXPORT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMVIEW1 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMVIEW1)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMVIEW1.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMVIEW1.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMEDITBUTTON.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMEDITBUTTON.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_EDIT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_EDIT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_JUMPTO == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_JUMPTO)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_JUMPTO.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_JUMPTO.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TREEVIEW_PANELNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TREEVIEW_PANELNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TREEVIEW_PANELNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TREEVIEW_PANELNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DELETEBYTESDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DELETEBYTESDIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DELETEBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DELETEBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_FROM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_FROM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_FROM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_FROM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_TO == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_TO)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_TO.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_TO.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BROWSEPANEL_FILEBTN == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BROWSEPANEL_FILEBTN)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BROWSEPANEL_FILEBTN.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BROWSEPANEL_FILEBTN.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADBLANK == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADBLANK)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADBLANK.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADBLANK.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILEEND == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILEEND)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILEEND.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILEEND.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADFILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADFILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADFILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADFILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR2 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR2)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR2.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR2.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR3 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR3)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR3.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR3.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_COFIRMDEL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_COFIRMDEL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_COFIRMDEL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_COFIRMDEL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT1 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT1)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT1.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT1.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT2 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT2)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT2.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT2.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_NONE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_NONE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_NONE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_NONE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EXPORT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EXPORT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_DELETE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_DELETE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNKTEXT1 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNKTEXT1)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNKTEXT1.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNKTEXT1.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CHUNKNAMELBL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CHUNKNAMELBL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CHUNKNAMELBL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CHUNKNAMELBL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_BEFORE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_BEFORE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_BEFORE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_BEFORE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_AFTER == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_AFTER)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_AFTER.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_AFTER.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_UNDER == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_UNDER)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_UNDER.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_UNDER.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNK == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNK)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNK.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNK.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADBLANK == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADBLANK)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADBLANK.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADBLANK.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADFILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADFILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADFILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADFILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_FILELBL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_FILELBL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_FILELBL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_FILELBL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DESC == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DESC)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DESC.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DESC.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS[] == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS[])
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
return != null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getValueStringsFor(java.lang.String):::ENTER
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE == arg0
arg0.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getValueStringsFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT311
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.getValueStringsFor(java.lang.String):::EXIT
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_VERSION == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_VERSION)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_VERSION.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_VERSION.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_NOVALUE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_NOVALUE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_NOVALUE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_NOVALUE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_WEIRDVALUE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_WEIRDVALUE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_WEIRDVALUE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_BAD_VALUE_EXCEPTION_WEIRDVALUE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_FILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_FILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_FILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_FILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_CHUNK == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_CHUNK)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_CHUNK.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_CHUNK.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_PRIM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_PRIM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_PRIM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NO_SUCH_PRIM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_DIRECTORY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_DIRECTORY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_DIRECTORY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_DIRECTORY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_CANT_BE_READ == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_CANT_BE_READ)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_CANT_BE_READ.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_CANT_BE_READ.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_INCORRECT_TYPE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_INCORRECT_TYPE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_INCORRECT_TYPE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_IS_INCORRECT_TYPE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_DOESNT_SUPPORT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_DOESNT_SUPPORT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_DOESNT_SUPPORT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_DOESNT_SUPPORT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_IS_FILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_IS_FILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_IS_FILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_IS_FILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_GENERAL_FILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_GENERAL_FILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_GENERAL_FILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_GENERAL_FILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_ISNT_EDITABLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_ISNT_EDITABLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_ISNT_EDITABLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_CHUNK_ISNT_EDITABLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_ISNT_EDITABLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_ISNT_EDITABLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_ISNT_EDITABLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_FILE_ISNT_EDITABLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FIXED_BYTE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FIXED_BYTE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FIXED_BYTE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FIXED_BYTE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_IN_OUT_IDENTICAL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_IN_OUT_IDENTICAL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_IN_OUT_IDENTICAL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_IN_OUT_IDENTICAL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_RIFF_RIFX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_RIFF_RIFX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_RIFF_RIFX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_RIFF_RIFX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FORM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FORM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FORM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_NOT_FORM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TEXT_ENCODING == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TEXT_ENCODING)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TEXT_ENCODING.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.ERROR_TEXT_ENCODING.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_WHITEPOINTY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_REDY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_GREENY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_CHRM_CHUNK_BLUEY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_NUM_FRAMES.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_SIZE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_COMM_CHUNK_SAMPLE_RATE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FACT_CHUNK_NUM_SAMPS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BLOCK_ALIGN.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_CHANNEL_MASK.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE == orig(arg0)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_NUM_CHANNELS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SAMP_RATE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SIGBITS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_SUBFORMAT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FMT_CHUNK_BPSSPB.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FORM_CHUNK_NAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FORM_CHUNK_NAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FORM_CHUNK_NAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_FORM_CHUNK_NAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_GAMA_CHUNK_GAMMA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_BITDEPTH.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COLORTYPE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_COMPRESS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_FILTER.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_HEIGHT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_INTERLACE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_IHDR_CHUNK_WIDTH.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_NULLSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_X == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_X)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_X.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_X.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_Y == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_Y)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_Y.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_PIX_Y.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_UNIT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_UNIT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_UNIT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PHYS_CHUNK_UNIT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_PLAINSTRING_CHUNK_VALUE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RAW_VALUE_NAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RAW_VALUE_NAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RAW_VALUE_NAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RAW_VALUE_NAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RIFF_CHUNK_NAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RIFF_CHUNK_NAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RIFF_CHUNK_NAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_RIFF_CHUNK_NAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_SRGB_CHUNK_RENDERING_INTENT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_KEYWORD.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_TEXT_CHUNK_VALUE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.PRIMITIVE_DATA_ZTXT_CHUNK_COMP_METHOD.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RIFFCHUNKCODES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RIFFCHUNKCODES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RENDERINGINTENT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_RENDERINGINTENT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_ZTXTCOMPMETHOD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_ZTXTCOMPMETHOD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_WAVECOMPCODES == return
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_WAVECOMPCODES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.VALUESTRINGS_WAVECOMPCODES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_AXML == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_AXML)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_AXML.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_AXML.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_CHRM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_CHRM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_CHRM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_CHRM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_COMM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_COMM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_COMM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_COMM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_DATA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_DATA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_DATA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_DATA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FACT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FACT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FACT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FACT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FMT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FMT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FMT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FMT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FORM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FORM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FORM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_FORM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_GAMA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_GAMA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_GAMA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_GAMA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IARL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IARL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IARL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IARL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IART == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IART)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IART.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IART.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICMT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICOP == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICOP)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICOP.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICOP.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRD.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRD.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRP == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRP)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRP.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ICRP.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDAT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDAT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDAT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDAT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDIM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDIM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDIM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDIM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDPI == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDPI)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDPI.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IDPI.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IEND == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IEND)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IEND.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IEND.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IENG == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IENG)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IENG.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IENG.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IGNR == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IGNR)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IGNR.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IGNR.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IHDR == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IHDR)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IHDR.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IHDR.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IKEY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IKEY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IKEY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IKEY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ILGT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ILGT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ILGT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ILGT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IMED == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IMED)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IMED.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IMED.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INAM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INAM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INAM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INAM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INVALIDDATA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INVALIDDATA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INVALIDDATA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_INVALIDDATA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPLT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPLT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPLT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPLT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPRD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPRD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPRD.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IPRD.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISBJ == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISBJ)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISBJ.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISBJ.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISFT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISFT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISFT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISFT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISHP == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISHP)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISHP.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISHP.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRC == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRC)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRC.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRC.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRF == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRF)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRF.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ISRF.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ITCH == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ITCH)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ITCH.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ITCH.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IXML == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IXML)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IXML.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_IXML.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_LIST == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_LIST)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_LIST.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_LIST.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBF == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBF)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBF.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBF.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKBT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKTS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKTS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKTS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_MKTS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PHYS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PHYS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PHYS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PHYS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PLAINTEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PLAINTEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PLAINTEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PLAINTEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PNGFILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PNGFILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PNGFILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PNGFILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PRVW == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PRVW)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PRVW.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_PRVW.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RAWDATA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RAWDATA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RAWDATA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RAWDATA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFF == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFF)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFF.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFF.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_RIFX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SBIT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SBIT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SBIT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SBIT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SRGB == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SRGB)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SRGB.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_SRGB.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_TEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_TEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_TEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_TEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ZTXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ZTXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ZTXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.CHUNKNAME_ZTXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TEXTFIELD_FONT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TEXTFIELD_FONT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BORDERTITLE_FONT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BORDERTITLE_FONT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ABOUT_TEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ABOUT_TEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ABOUT_TEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ABOUT_TEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_QUIT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_QUIT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_QUIT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_QUIT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CLOSE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CLOSE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CLOSE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CLOSE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPEN == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPEN)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPEN.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPEN.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_WEB == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_WEB)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_WEB.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_WEB.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DONATE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DONATE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DONATE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DONATE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CREDITS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CREDITS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CREDITS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_CREDITS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_FILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_FILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_FILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_FILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_ABOUT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_ABOUT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_ABOUT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_ABOUT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_READONLY == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_READONLY)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_READONLY.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_READONLY.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DEC == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DEC)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DEC.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_DEC.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_HEX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_HEX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_HEX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_HEX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPTIONS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPTIONS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPTIONS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_OPTIONS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_AUTOTEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_AUTOTEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_AUTOTEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_AUTOTEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_MANUALTEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_MANUALTEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_MANUALTEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_MENU_MANUALTEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_PROJECT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_PROJECT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_PROJECT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_PROJECT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_DONATE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_DONATE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_DONATE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_URL_DONATE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_OPENING.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_NAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_NAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_NAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_NAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_LOCATION == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_LOCATION)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_LOCATION.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_LOCATION.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_SIZE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_SIZE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_FILETYPE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_FILETYPE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_FILETYPE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_FILETYPE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_PANELNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_PANELNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_PANELNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BASICINFO_PANELNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_PANELNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_PANELNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_PANELNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_PANELNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_NAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_NAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_NAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_NAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DESC == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DESC)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DESC.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DESC.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_TYPE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_TYPE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_TYPE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_TYPE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_START == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_START)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_START.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_START.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_END == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_END)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_END.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_END.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_SIZE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_SIZE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASTART == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASTART)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASTART.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASTART.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATAEND == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATAEND)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATAEND.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATAEND.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASIZE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASIZE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASIZE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_DATASIZE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABEL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABEL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABEL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABEL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABELDATA == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABELDATA)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABELDATA.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMLABELDATA.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMBUTTON == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMBUTTON)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMBUTTON.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMBUTTON.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMDATALABEL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMDATALABEL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMDATALABEL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKINFO_CHECKSUMDATALABEL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_ADD.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EDITNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EDITNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EDITNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EDITNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKNAME_PROMPT_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CONTAINER_NAME_WARN_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKPRIM_PANELNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKPRIM_PANELNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKPRIM_PANELNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKPRIM_PANELNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMEDITBUTTON)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_EDIT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMTYPE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMTYPE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMTYPE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMTYPE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMVAL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMVAL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMVAL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_PRIMVAL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TEXTENC == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TEXTENC)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TEXTENC.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMDIALOG_TEXTENC.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PANELNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PANELNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PANELNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PANELNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_CURBYTELABEL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_CURBYTELABEL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_CURBYTELABEL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_CURBYTELABEL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLASCII == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLASCII)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLASCII.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLASCII.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLHEX == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLHEX)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLHEX.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_LBLHEX.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_JUMPBUTTON == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_JUMPBUTTON)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_JUMPBUTTON.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_JUMPBUTTON.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK1 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK1)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK1.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK1.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK16 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK16)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK16.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_BACK16.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR1 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR1)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR1.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR1.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR16 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR16)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR16.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_FOR16.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_INSERTBYTES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_INSERTBYTES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_INSERTBYTES.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_INSERTBYTES.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_DELETE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_DELETEBYTES.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EXPORT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_EXPORTBYTES.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMVIEW1 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMVIEW1)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMVIEW1.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMVIEW1.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMEDITBUTTON.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_PRIMEDITBUTTON.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_EDIT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_EDIT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_JUMPTO == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_JUMPTO)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_JUMPTO.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_PRIMSUB_JUMPTO.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TREEVIEW_PANELNAME == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TREEVIEW_PANELNAME)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TREEVIEW_PANELNAME.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_TREEVIEW_PANELNAME.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DELETEBYTESDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DELETEBYTESDIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DELETEBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DELETEBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_FROM == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_FROM)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_FROM.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_FROM.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_TO == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_TO)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_TO.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BYTESDIALOG_TO.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BROWSEPANEL_FILEBTN == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BROWSEPANEL_FILEBTN)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BROWSEPANEL_FILEBTN.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_BROWSEPANEL_FILEBTN.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILELBL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADBLANK == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADBLANK)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADBLANK.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADBLANK.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILEEND == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILEEND)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILEEND.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_FILEEND.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADFILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADFILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADFILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_INSERTBYTESDIALOG_RADFILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR2 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR2)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR2.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR2.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR3 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR3)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR3.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_NUMERR3.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_COFIRMDEL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_COFIRMDEL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_COFIRMDEL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_RAWEDIT_COFIRMDEL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_EXPORTBYTESDIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT1 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT1)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT1.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT1.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT2 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT2)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT2.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_TEXT2.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_NONE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_NONE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_NONE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANG_TEXTENC_DIALOG_NONE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EXPORT.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_EXPORT.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_DELETE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_CHUNKEDIT_DELETE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_WARNING_FILE_EXISTS_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ERROR_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE_TITLE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE_TITLE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_REALLY_DELETE_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_TITLE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_TITLE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNKTEXT1 == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNKTEXT1)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNKTEXT1.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNKTEXT1.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CHUNKNAMELBL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CHUNKNAMELBL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CHUNKNAMELBL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CHUNKNAMELBL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_BEFORE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_BEFORE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_BEFORE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_BEFORE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_AFTER == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_AFTER)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_AFTER.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_AFTER.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_UNDER == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_UNDER)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_UNDER.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_UNDER.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNK == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNK)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNK.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_CURCHUNK.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADBLANK == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADBLANK)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADBLANK.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADBLANK.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADFILE == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADFILE)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADFILE.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_RADFILE.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_FILELBL == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_FILELBL)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_FILELBL.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_ADDNEWCHUNKDIALOG_FILELBL.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DESC == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DESC)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DESC.toString == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_SUPPORTED_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DESC.toString)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS)
malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS[] == orig(malictus.klang.KlangConstants.KLANGEDITOR_DISPLAY_PRIMS[])
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
arg0.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangUtil.deflate(byte[]):::ENTER
arg0 has only one value
arg0[] == [86, 65, 76, 85, 69]
size(arg0[]) == 5
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangUtil.deflate(byte[]):::EXIT
arg0[] == orig(arg0[])
arg0[] == [86, 65, 76, 85, 69]
return has only one value
return[] == [120, -100, 11, 115, -12, 9, 117, 5, 0, 4, -118, 1, 126]
size(return[]) == 13
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangUtil.inflate(byte[]):::ENTER
arg0 has only one value
arg0[] == [120, -100, 11, 115, -12, 9, 117, 5, 0, 4, -118, 1, 126]
size(arg0[]) == 13
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.KlangUtil.inflate(byte[]):::EXIT
arg0[] == orig(arg0[])
arg0[] == [120, -100, 11, 115, -12, 9, 117, 5, 0, 4, -118, 1, 126]
return has only one value
return[] == [86, 65, 76, 85, 69]
size(return[]) == 5
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar:::OBJECT
this has only one value
this.value.toString == "a"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.ASCIIChar():::EXIT
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value == null
return has only one value
return.toString == "1-byte ASCII char"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.getValue():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
return.toString == "a"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "a"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT96
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
this.value == orig(arg0)
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "a"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.testCandidate(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "a"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.testCandidate(java.lang.String):::EXIT181
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.testCandidate(java.lang.String):::EXIT181;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.testCandidate(java.lang.String):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value == null
arg0.toString == "a"
return == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.testCandidate(java.lang.String):::EXIT;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.ASCIIChar.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.CompressedString:::OBJECT
this has only one value
this.value.toString == "VALUE"
this.textEncoding has only one value
this.textEncoding.toString == "US-ASCII"
this.canChangeEncoding == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.CompressedString.CompressedString(java.lang.String, java.lang.String, boolean):::ENTER
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "VALUE"
arg1 has only one value
arg1.toString == "US-ASCII"
arg2 == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.CompressedString.CompressedString(java.lang.String, java.lang.String, boolean):::EXIT
this.value == orig(arg0)
this.textEncoding == orig(arg1)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(arg2)
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
arg1.toString == orig(arg1.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "VALUE"
arg1.toString == "US-ASCII"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.CompressedString.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.CompressedString.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
this.textEncoding == orig(this.textEncoding)
this.textEncoding.toString == orig(this.textEncoding.toString)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(this.canChangeEncoding)
this.value has only one value
return has only one value
return.toString == "ZLIB compressed string"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.CompressedString.getValue():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.CompressedString.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
this.textEncoding == orig(this.textEncoding)
this.textEncoding.toString == orig(this.textEncoding.toString)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(this.canChangeEncoding)
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
return.toString == "VALUE"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.CompressedString.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.CompressedString.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
this.textEncoding == orig(this.textEncoding)
this.textEncoding.toString == orig(this.textEncoding.toString)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(this.canChangeEncoding)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.CompressedString.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "VALUE"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.CompressedString.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
this.value == orig(arg0)
this.textEncoding == orig(this.textEncoding)
this.textEncoding.toString == orig(this.textEncoding.toString)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(this.canChangeEncoding)
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "VALUE"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.CompressedString.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.CompressedString.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
this.textEncoding == orig(this.textEncoding)
this.textEncoding.toString == orig(this.textEncoding.toString)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(this.canChangeEncoding)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC:::OBJECT
this has only one value
this.value.toString == "abCd"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.FourCC():::EXIT
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value == null
return has only one value
return.toString == "Four-byte ASCII chunk name"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.getValue():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
return.toString == "abCd"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "abCd"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT108
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
this.value == orig(arg0)
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "abCd"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.testCandidate(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "abCd"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.testCandidate(java.lang.String):::EXIT193
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.testCandidate(java.lang.String):::EXIT193;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.testCandidate(java.lang.String):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value == null
arg0.toString == "abCd"
return == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.testCandidate(java.lang.String):::EXIT;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.FourCC.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.GUID:::OBJECT
this has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.GUID.GUID():::EXIT
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.GUID.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.GUID.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value == null
return has only one value
return.toString == "Microsoft Globally Unique Identifier"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.GUID.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.GUID.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.GUID.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "05908040-3246-11d0-a5d6-28db04c10000"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.GUID.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT89
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.GUID.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "05908040-3246-11d0-a5d6-28db04c10000"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.GUID.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.GUID.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.GUID.writeValueToString():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.GUID.writeValueToString():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value has only one value
return has only one value
return.toString == "05908040-3246-11d0-a5d6-28db04c10000"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat:::OBJECT
this has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.IEEE80ByteFloat():::EXIT
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value == null
return has only one value
return.toString == "IEEE 80 Byte Float (Limited)"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.getValue():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "44100"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT136
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "44100"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::ENTER
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT220
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT220;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
return == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IEEE80ByteFloat.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE:::OBJECT
this has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE.Int2ByteSignedBE():::EXIT
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value == null
return has only one value
return.toString == "2-byte, signed, big-endian integer"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE.getValue():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "-257"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT136
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "-257"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Short):::ENTER
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Short):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
return == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Short):::EXIT;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedBE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE:::OBJECT
this has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE.Int2ByteSignedLE():::EXIT
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value == null
return has only one value
return.toString == "2-byte, signed, little-endian integer"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE.getValue():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "-257"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT137
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "-257"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Short):::ENTER
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Short):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
return == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Short):::EXIT;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteSignedLE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE:::OBJECT
this has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.Int2ByteUnsignedBE():::EXIT
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value == null
return has only one value
return.toString == "2-byte, unsigned, big-endian integer"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.getValue():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "257"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT116
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "257"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::ENTER
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT192
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT192;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
return == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedBE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE:::OBJECT
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.Int2ByteUnsignedLE():::EXIT
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this has only one value
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value == null
return has only one value
return.toString == "2-byte, unsigned, little-endian integer"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.getValue():::ENTER
this has only one value
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.setValue(java.lang.Integer):::ENTER
this has only one value
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.setValue(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT
this.value == orig(arg0)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this has only one value
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this has only one value
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "257"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT118
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "257"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::ENTER
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT195
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT195;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
return == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this has only one value
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.writeValueToString():::ENTER
this has only one value
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.writeValueToString():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value has only one value
return has only one value
return.toString == "1"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE:::OBJECT
this has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE.Int4ByteSignedBE():::EXIT
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value == null
return has only one value
return.toString == "4-byte, signed, big-endian integer"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE.getValue():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "-25744"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT112
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "-25744"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::ENTER
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
return == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedBE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE:::OBJECT
this has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE.Int4ByteSignedLE():::EXIT
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value == null
return has only one value
return.toString == "4-byte, signed, little-endian integer"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE.getValue():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "-25744"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT114
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "-25744"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::ENTER
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
return == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteSignedLE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE:::OBJECT
this has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.Int4ByteUnsignedBE():::EXIT
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value == null
return has only one value
return.toString == "4-byte, unsigned, big-endian integer"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.getValue():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "25755"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT145
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "25755"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Long):::ENTER
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Long):::EXIT221
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Long):::EXIT221;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Long):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
return == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.testCandidate(java.lang.Long):::EXIT;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedBE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE:::OBJECT
this has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.Int4ByteUnsignedLE():::EXIT
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value == null
return has only one value
return.toString == "4-byte, unsigned, little-endian integer"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.getValue():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "25755"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT146
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "25755"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Long):::ENTER
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Long):::EXIT223
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Long):::EXIT223;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Long):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
return == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.testCandidate(java.lang.Long):::EXIT;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.Int4ByteUnsignedLE.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned:::OBJECT
this has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned.IntByteSigned():::EXIT
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value == null
return has only one value
return.toString == "1-byte signed integer"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned.getValue():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "-100"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT137
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "-100"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned.testCandidate(java.lang.Byte):::ENTER
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned.testCandidate(java.lang.Byte):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
return == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned.testCandidate(java.lang.Byte):::EXIT;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteSigned.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned:::OBJECT
this has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.IntByteUnsigned():::EXIT
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value == null
return has only one value
return.toString == "1-byte unsigned integer"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.getValue():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "223"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT114
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "223"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::ENTER
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT196
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT196;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
return == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.testCandidate(java.lang.Integer):::EXIT;condition="return == true"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.IntByteUnsigned.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.NullTerminatedString:::OBJECT
this has only one value
this.value.toString == "Here is the string"
this.textEncoding has only one value
this.textEncoding.toString == "US-ASCII"
this.canChangeEncoding == false
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.NullTerminatedString.NullTerminatedString(java.lang.String, boolean):::ENTER
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "US-ASCII"
arg1 == false
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.NullTerminatedString.NullTerminatedString(java.lang.String, boolean):::EXIT
this.textEncoding == orig(arg0)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(arg1)
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value == null
arg0.toString == "US-ASCII"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.NullTerminatedString.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.NullTerminatedString.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.textEncoding == orig(this.textEncoding)
this.textEncoding.toString == orig(this.textEncoding.toString)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(this.canChangeEncoding)
this.value == null
return has only one value
return.toString == "Null-terminated string"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.NullTerminatedString.getValue():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.NullTerminatedString.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
this.textEncoding == orig(this.textEncoding)
this.textEncoding.toString == orig(this.textEncoding.toString)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(this.canChangeEncoding)
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
return.toString == "Here is the string"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.NullTerminatedString.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.NullTerminatedString.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
this.textEncoding == orig(this.textEncoding)
this.textEncoding.toString == orig(this.textEncoding.toString)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(this.canChangeEncoding)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.NullTerminatedString.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "Here is the string"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.NullTerminatedString.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
this.value == orig(arg0)
this.textEncoding == orig(this.textEncoding)
this.textEncoding.toString == orig(this.textEncoding.toString)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(this.canChangeEncoding)
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "Here is the string"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.NullTerminatedString.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.NullTerminatedString.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
this.textEncoding == orig(this.textEncoding)
this.textEncoding.toString == orig(this.textEncoding.toString)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(this.canChangeEncoding)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PlainString:::OBJECT
this has only one value
this.value.toString == "VALUE"
this.textEncoding has only one value
this.textEncoding.toString == "US-ASCII"
this.canChangeEncoding == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PlainString.PlainString(java.lang.String, java.lang.String, boolean):::ENTER
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "VALUE"
arg1 has only one value
arg1.toString == "US-ASCII"
arg2 == true
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PlainString.PlainString(java.lang.String, java.lang.String, boolean):::EXIT
this.value == orig(arg0)
this.textEncoding == orig(arg1)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(arg2)
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
arg1.toString == orig(arg1.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "VALUE"
arg1.toString == "US-ASCII"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PlainString.getPrimitiveDescription():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PlainString.getPrimitiveDescription():::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
this.textEncoding == orig(this.textEncoding)
this.textEncoding.toString == orig(this.textEncoding.toString)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(this.canChangeEncoding)
this.value has only one value
return has only one value
return.toString == "Plain string"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PlainString.getValue():::ENTER
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PlainString.getValue():::EXIT
this.value == return
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
this.textEncoding == orig(this.textEncoding)
this.textEncoding.toString == orig(this.textEncoding.toString)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(this.canChangeEncoding)
return == orig(this.value)
return has only one value
return.toString == "VALUE"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PlainString.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PlainString.setValueFromFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
this.textEncoding == orig(this.textEncoding)
this.textEncoding.toString == orig(this.textEncoding.toString)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(this.canChangeEncoding)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PlainString.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::ENTER
this.value == null
arg0 has only one value
arg0.toString == "VALUE"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PlainString.setValueFromString(java.lang.String):::EXIT
this.value == orig(arg0)
this.textEncoding == orig(this.textEncoding)
this.textEncoding.toString == orig(this.textEncoding.toString)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(this.canChangeEncoding)
arg0.toString == orig(arg0.toString)
this.value has only one value
arg0.toString == "VALUE"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PlainString.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::ENTER
this.value has only one value
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PlainString.writeValueToFile(java.io.RandomAccessFile):::EXIT
this.value == orig(this.value)
this.value.toString == orig(this.value.toString)
this.textEncoding == orig(this.textEncoding)
this.textEncoding.toString == orig(this.textEncoding.toString)
this.canChangeEncoding == orig(this.canChangeEncoding)
this.value has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PrimitiveData:::OBJECT
this has only one value
this.primitive has only one value
this.primitive.getClass().getName() == malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.class
this.name has only one value
this.name.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE"
this.startPos == null
this.endPos == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PrimitiveData.PrimitiveData(malictus.klang.primitives.Primitive, java.lang.String, java.lang.Long, java.lang.Long):::ENTER
arg0 has only one value
arg0.getClass().getName() == malictus.klang.primitives.Int2ByteUnsignedLE.class
arg1 has only one value
arg1.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE"
arg2 == null
arg3 == null
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PrimitiveData.PrimitiveData(malictus.klang.primitives.Primitive, java.lang.String, java.lang.Long, java.lang.Long):::EXIT
this.primitive == orig(arg0)
this.primitive.getClass().getName() == orig(arg0.getClass().getName())
this.name == orig(arg1)
arg1.toString == orig(arg1.toString)
arg1.toString == "FMT_CHUNK_COMP_CODE"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PrimitiveData.getCurrentValueString():::ENTER
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.primitives.PrimitiveData.getCurrentValueString():::EXIT
this.primitive == orig(this.primitive)
this.primitive.getClass().getName() == orig(this.primitive.getClass().getName())
this.name == orig(this.name)
this.name.toString == orig(this.name.toString)
this.startPos == orig(this.startPos)
this.endPos == orig(this.endPos)
return has only one value
return.toString == "Microsoft PCM/Uncompressed"
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.test.PrimitiveTest.createTempFile():::EXIT
return has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.test.PrimitiveTest.deleteTempFile(java.io.File):::ENTER
arg0 has only one value
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.test.PrimitiveTest.deleteTempFile(java.io.File):::EXIT
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.test.PrimitiveTest.main(java.lang.String[]):::ENTER
arg0 has only one value
arg0.getClass().getName() == java.lang.String[].class
arg0[] == []
arg0[].toString == []
===========================================================================
malictus.klang.test.PrimitiveTest.main(java.lang.String[]):::EXIT
arg0[] == orig(arg0[])
arg0[] == []
arg0[].toString == []
Exiting Daikon.
